Gateway 3.1.0 doco update (#4627)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/in-memory/gateway-deduplication.md

---
title: In-Memory Gateway deduplication Persistence
summary: In-Memory gateway persistence stores data in a non-durable manner for development-time only
component: Gateway
versions: '[3.1,)'
reviewed: 2019-12-17
tags:
- Persistence
---

> DANGER: All information stored is discarded when the process ends and can result in more-than-once message delivery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DANGER: All information stored is discarded when the process ends. This can result in more-than-once message delivery.
```

> The in-memory gateway deduplication persistence uses an LRU cache. By default this cache can contain up to 10,000 items. The maximum size can be changed using the following API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The in-memory gateway deduplication persistence uses a least-recently-used (LRU) cache. By default this cache can contain up to 10,000 items. The maximum size can be changed using the following API:
```
